---
title: 2025-01-12 Learning
date: 2025-01-12 10:29:53
categories:
- Learning
tags:
- Learning
--- 

# Some life changes
Away from 4 months, I'm back to learning. I found a new job and settled down everything😊. Everything is on track. In this 4 months, I wrote a lot leetcode problems and reviewed a lot of knowledge and got interviewed by many companies.

In this new year, I still used Tim Ferriss's "past year review" to review my past year. This helped me to find out what things I really want to do and don't want to do. [Forget New Year's Resolutions and Conduct a 'Past Year Review' Instead (#559) - The Blog of Author Tim Ferriss](https://tim.blog/2021/12/27/past-year-review/)

Following is template of past year review.

✅ What were the significant moments, memories, and milestones this year? Try to choose 3–5 for each month.
✅ How can I become a better version of myself in these roles:
    • Son/Daughter
    • Employee
    • Manager
    • Partner
    • Mentor
    • Friend?
✅ What has weighed on my mind throughout the year? What have I learned from it? What things, when I reflect on them, feel unpleasant, drain my energy, and have lingered all year?
    • People
    • Places
    • Habits
    • Tasks
• Experiences
✅ How can I do less of these next year?
✅ How have I grown as a person?
    • New habits
    • New priorities
    • New preferences
    • New perspectives
✅ Break your life into categories and dive deep into each one:
    • Health
    • Wealth
    • Relationships
    • Experiences
    • Operations
    • Side projects
    • Career
✅ What are the things that, when I look back, brought me the most energy and joy?
    • People
    • Places
    • Habits
    • Tasks
    • Experiences
✅ How can I do more of these next year?
✅ What am I most grateful for this year? Maintain this list throughout the year and review it at the end.
✅ What’s on my "Best List"?
    • Books
    • Events
    • Articles
    • Podcasts
    • Purchases
    • New habits
✅ Where do I feel I am lacking the most?
✅ What is the biggest bottleneck to my ongoing growth? Why haven’t I stayed focused on removing it?
✅ Imagine your career as a game, and ask:
    • What game am I playing?
    • What are the rules of the game?
    • How do players advance?
    • How do players fail?
    • Is this game still serving me?
✅ Are there things I could start doing today that would guarantee a terrible year? How can I avoid doing these things?
✅ Where am I being overly serious? Where am I making things harder than they need to be? With my limited resources:
    • Time
    • Energy
    • Attention
    • Capital
✅ Am I "spending" or "investing" them? Where am I mostly wasting them?
✅ How am I complicit in creating the conditions I say I don’t want?
✅ If I had unlimited money, how would I invest it today to increase my time, energy, or happiness?
✅ If I repeated my weekly actions over five years, where would I end up? Is that the result I want?
✅ How can I achieve my 10-year goals in one year? Likewise, how can I accomplish 10 times my one-year goals this year?

# FICalc
[FI Calc](https://ficalc.app/)
FI Calc is a free and powerful and highly customizable calculator that evaluates retirement plans using historical data, including many withdrawal strategies, simulations, making it more robust to build a retirement plan.



